# Session Manager
Started here - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/ssm-agent.html
## SSM Agent Credential Precedence
1. When SSM Agent is installed on an instance, 
2. it requires permissions in order to communicate with the Systems Manager service.
## On Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances,
1. these permissions are provided in an instance profile that is attached to the instance.
## On hybrid instance, 
1. SSM Agent normally gets the needed permissions from the shared credentials file, located at /root/.aws/credentials (Linux and macOS) 
or %USERPROFILE%\.aws\credentials (Windows Server). 
2. The needed permissions are added to this file during the hybrid activation process.

When you run a Systems Manager command on the instance, SSM Agent might try to use credentials different from the ones you expect it to use, such as from a credentials file instead of an instance profile.

### The default provider chain looks for credentials in the following order:
1. Environment variables, if configured (AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID and AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY).
2. Shared credentials file ($HOME/.aws/credentials for Linux and macOS or %USERPROFILE%\.aws\credentials for Windows Server) with permissions provided by, for example, a hybrid activation or an AWS CLI installation.
3. An AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role for tasks if an application is present that uses an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) task definition or RunTask API operation.
4. An instance profile attached to an Amazon EC2 instance.
Note: On Linux and macOS, SSM Agent runs as the root user. Therefore, the environment variables and credentials file that SSM Agent looks for in this process are those of the root user only (/root/.aws/credentials). SSM Agent doesn't look at the environment variables or credentials file of any other user accounts on the instance during the search for credentials.

## About the ssm-user account
??

## SSM Agent and the Instance Metadata Service (IMDS)
What is this IMDS service??

## Keeping SSM Agent up-to-date
Automating updates to SSM agent? - How??  There must be a lifecycle defined for this

Github - https://github.com/aws/amazon-ssm-agent

Ended Here - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/ssm-agent-v3.html
