Config Sync Advantages:
1. Reduce the risk of "shadow ops", where unvetted changes are pushed to live clusters and it is difficult to understand the differences between documented configuration and your live environment.
2. Use a "revert then investigate" strategy to roll back breaking changes and get your live clusters back into a good working state before fixing the problematic change and applying it as a new commit. This strategy reduces downtime due to configuration-related outages.

----Config Sync Operator----
1. Config Sync Operator - Config Sync synchronizes the states of your clusters with your Git repository. The Config Sync Operator custom controller monitors your Git repository and the states of your clusters, keeping them consistent for each Kubernetes object you choose. If Config Sync Operator fails to apply changes to a resource, the resource is left in the last known good state.
2. Config Sync can configure a single cluster or multiple clusters from a single Git repository.
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/add-on/config-sync/overview

# Prerequistes
---namespaces--https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/--
Kubernetes supports multiple virtual clusters backed by the same physical cluster. These virtual clusters are called namespaces.

Namespaces are a way to divide cluster resources between multiple users (via resource quota).
Things to try :
kubectl get namespace
Kubernetes starts with four initial namespaces:
1. default The default namespace for objects with no other namespace
2. kube-system The namespace for objects created by the Kubernetes system
3. kube-public This namespace is created automatically and is readable by all users (including those not authenticated). This namespace is mostly reserved for cluster usage, in case that some resources should be visible and readable publicly throughout the whole cluster. The public aspect of this namespace is only a convention, not a requirement.
4. kube-node-lease This namespace for the lease objects associated with each node which improves the performance of the node heartbeats as the cluster scales.

Not All Objects are in a Namespace
//In a namespace
kubectl api-resources --namespaced=true

//Not in a namespace
kubectl api-resources --namespaced=false

---labels-https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/---
Labels allow for efficient queries and watches and are ideal for use in UIs and CLIs. Non-identifying information should be recorded using annotations.
Syntax -https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#syntax-and-character-set
Automated system components (e.g. kube-scheduler, kube-controller-manager, kube-apiserver, kubectl, or other third-party automation) which add labels to end-user objects must specify a prefix.
The kubernetes.io/ and k8s.io/ prefixes are reserved for Kubernetes core components.
Valid label value:
  must be 63 characters or less (cannot be empty),
  must begin and end with an alphanumeric character ([a-z0-9A-Z]),
  could contain dashes (-), underscores (_), dots (.), and alphanumerics between.
  
Via a **label selector**, the client/user can identify a set of objects. The label selector is the core grouping primitive in Kubernetes.
Equality-based requirement 
Equality- or inequality-based requirements allow filtering by label keys and values. Matching objects must satisfy all of the specified label constraints, though they may have additional labels as well. Three kinds of operators are admitted =,==,!=.
Set-based label requirements allow filtering keys according to a set of values. Three kinds of operators are supported: in,notin and exists (only the key identifier). 

--annotations----

You can use Kubernetes annotations to attach arbitrary non-identifying metadata to objects. Clients such as tools and libraries can retrieve this metadata.

You can use either labels or annotations to attach metadata to Kubernetes objects. Labels can be used to select objects and to find collections of objects that satisfy certain conditions. In contrast, annotations are not used to identify and select objects. The metadata in an annotation can be small or large, structured or unstructured, and can include characters not permitted by labels
Syntax and character Set - https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/#syntax-and-character-set

# Key Concepts
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/add-on/config-sync/overview#configuration-management-concepts
**Abstract namespace directory**
onfig Sync provides a mechanism called abstract namespaces, which allow you to apply policies to multiple related namespaces, without duplicating configs, and with the ability to override or extend a config for a given namespace or set of namespaces. Abstract namespaces work using a filesystem-style hierarchy in the repo.

In the repo, the directory structure of the namespaces/ subdirectory determines which policies apply to a namespace, using a mechanism similar to a file system tree. Namespaces can be nested into subdirectories, called abstract namespace directories.
Namespace inheritance overview - https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/add-on/config-sync/concepts/namespace-inheritance

**Viewing and verifying files**
Config Sync provides an API. The nomos and nomos.exe commands consume the API and simplify the process of setting up the repo and validating configs.

For more information, see Using the nomos command.
