Namespace inheritance overview

Reference - https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/add-on/config-sync/concepts/namespace-inheritance
1. Config Sync introduces a notion of inheritance in the namespaces/ directory of the repo and all its subdirectories.
2. In the repo, the namespaces/ directory can contain two different types of subdirectories:

a. A **namespace directory** contains a config for a namespace. 
  The name of the file containing the config is not important, but the config must have kind: Namespace. 
  A namespace directory can also contain configs for other kinds of Kubernetes objects. 
  A namespace directory cannot contain subdirectories. 
  A namespace config represents an actual namespace in a cluster.
  Configs in a namespace directory only apply to that namespace,

b. An **abstract namespace directory** contains namespace directories. 
  It can also contain configs for other Kubernetes objects, but it cannot directly contain a config for a namespace.
  An abstract namespace directory does not represent an object in a Kubernetes cluster, but its descendant namespace directories do.
  Configs in an abstract namespace directory are applied to all of that abstract namespace's descendant namespace directories (or those descendant namespaces that match a config's NamespaceSelector, if one is present).

example repo -https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/csp-config-management/tree/1.0.0/foo-corp/namespaces
Refer Image - https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/add-on/config-sync/concepts/namespace-inheritance

For example, open the viewers-rolebinding.yaml-https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/csp-config-management//blob/1.0.0/foo-corp/namespaces/viewers-rolebinding.yaml file in your browser. It **grants** **anyone** in the **system:serviceaccounts:audit Group** the view ClusterRole in **every namespace**, managed by Config Sync, of every enrolled cluster, **because it exists in the namespaces directory itself**.

Now open the namespaces/online/ - https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/csp-config-management/tree/1.0.0/foo-corp/namespaces/online directory in your browser. The online directory is an abstract namespace directory, because it doesn't have a config for a namespace. Click the shipping-app-backend directory. It's also an abstract namespace directory, and contains two configs (pod-creator-rolebinding.yaml and quota.yaml). Each of its three subdirectories is a namespace directory, because it contains a config for a namespace. The name of the file is not significant, but this repo uses that file name for all namespace configs, by convention. Each of those namespaces inherits the pod-creator-rolebinding.yaml and quota.yaml configs in the shipping-app-backend abstract namespace directory.

The shipping-dev namespace directory has an additional config for the job-creators RoleBinding, but the other two namespace directories do not have this config, so they do not have that RoleBinding (unless someone creates it manually).

3. You can also set resource quotas - https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/add-on/config-sync/concepts/namespace-inheritance#resourcequota_config
at namespace level this can be useful.
If you place this config within a directory that applies to a specific namespace (namespaces/[NAMESPACE_NAME]), the config applies only to that namespace. If you place this config within an abstract namespace directory (namespaces/) that contains namespace descendants, a separate ResourceQuota is applied to each descendant namespace.
kind: ResourceQuota
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: quota
spec:
  hard:
    pods: "1"
    cpu: "100m"
    memory: 100Mi
Note: ResourceQuotas only apply to a single namespace. By contrast, HierarchicalResourceQuotas can limit resource usage in a tree of hierarchical namespaces, but they are not supported by abstract namespaces. Placing a hierarchical quota in an abstract namespace results in independent copies of that quota being placed in all descendants. To use hierarchical resource quotas, use hierarchical namespaces provided by Hierarchy Controller.


https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/add-on/config-sync/concepts/namespace-inheritance#excluding_namespaces_from_inheritance

Deleting a directory from namespaces/
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/add-on/config-sync/concepts/namespace-inheritance#deleting
Deleting a namespace directory is a destructive operation. The namespace is deleted, along with all its contents, on every cluster managed by Config Sync where the namespace exists.

If you delete an abstract namespace directory containing descendant namespace directories, all of those namespaces and their contents are deleted from every cluster managed by Config Sync.

Renaming a directory in namespaces/
Renaming a namespace directory is a deletion followed by a creation, and thus is also a destructive operation.
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/add-on/config-sync/concepts/namespace-inheritance#renaming
