# AWS SSO
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/singlesignon/latest/userguide/what-is.html

Cool new Features
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/use-new-account-assignment-apis-for-aws-sso-to-automate-multi-account-access/#
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2020/09/aws-single-sign-on-adds-account-assignment-apis-and-aws-cloudformation-support-to-automate-multi-account-access-management/


### Definitions:
#### Permission Sets:
A permission set is a collection of AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policies. Permission sets can contain up to 10 AWS managed policies and a single custom policy stored in AWS SSO

####Policy:
A policy is an object that defines a user’s permissions. Policies contain statements that represent individual access controls (allow or deny) for various tasks. This determines what tasks users can or cannot perform within the AWS account. AWS evaluates these policies when an IAM principal (a user or role) makes a request.

### Provisioning
When you provision a permission set in the AWS account, AWS SSO creates a corresponding IAM role on that account, 
with a trust policy that allows users to assume the role through AWS SSO. With AWS SSO, you can assign more than one permission set to a user 
in the specific AWS account. Users who have multiple permission sets must choose one when they sign in through the user portal or the AWS CLI. 
Users will see these as IAM roles.

#### Steps:
##### Step 1:Create permission sets
Before you create the permission sets, run the following command to get the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS SSO instance and the Identity Store ID, which you will need later in the process when you create and assign permission sets to AWS accounts and users or groups.
`aws sso-admin list-instances`
Next, create the permission set with instance ARN from above
`aws sso-admin create-permission-set --instance-arn '<Instance ARN>' --name 'EC2-S3-FullAccess' --description 'EC2 and S3 access for developers'`

`aws sso-admin create-permission-set --instance-arn '<Instance ARN>' --name 'AuditAccess' --description 'Audit Access for security team on ExampleOrgDev account'`

##### Step 2: Assign policies to permission sets
`aws sso-admin attach-managed-policy-to-permission-set --instance-arn '<Instance ARN>' --permission-set-arn '<Permission Set ARN>' 
--managed-policy-arn 'arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/amazonec2fullaccess'`

`aws sso-admin attach-managed-policy-to-permission-set --instance-arn '<Instance ARN>' --permission-set-arn '<Permission Set ARN>'
--managed-policy-arn 'arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/PowerUserAccess'`

##### Step 3: Assign permission sets to users and groups and grant access to AWS accounts

To assign access to an AWS account for a user or group, using a permission set you already created, you need the following:

* The principal ID (the ID for the user or group)
  * `aws identitystore list-groups --identity-store-id '<Identity Store ID>' --filter AttributePath='DisplayName',AttributeValue='<Group Name>'`
* The AWS account ID to which you need to assign this permission set
  * `aws sso-admin create-account-assignment --instance-arn '<Instance ARN>' --permission-set-arn '<Permission Set ARN>' 
  --principal-id '<user/group ID>' --principal-type '<USER/GROUP>' --target-id '<AWS Account ID>' --target-type AWS_ACCOUNT`

Note: When you call the CreateAccountAssignment API, AWS SSO automatically provisions the specified permission set on the account in the form of an IAM policy attached to the AWS SSO–created IAM role. This role is immutable: it’s fully managed by the AWS SSO, and it cannot be deleted or changed by the user even if the user has full administrative rights on the account. If the permission set is subsequently updated, the corresponding IAM policies attached to roles in your accounts won’t be updated automatically. In this case, you will need to call ProvisionPermissionSet to propagate these updates.

###Nuances
list-groups
Lists the attribute name and value of the group that you specified in the search.
We only support DisplayName as a valid filter attribute path currently, and **filter is required**. This API returns minimum attributes, including GroupId and group DisplayName in the response.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/identitystore/list-groups.html


###Open Questions
1. Is list-groups api going to support listing all groups without a filter attribute?


