### AWS Lambda Extensions:
> [Reference][https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/introducing-aws-lambda-extensions-in-preview/]
* AWS AppConfig helps you manage, store, and safely deploy application configurations to your hosts at runtime. 
The AWS AppConfig extension integrates Lambda and AWS AppConfig seamlessly. Lambda functions have simple access to external configuration settings quickly and easily. Developers can now dynamically change their Lambda function’s configuration safely using robust validation features.
* Amazon CloudWatch Lambda Insights enables you to efficiently monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize Lambda functions. The Lambda Insights extension simplifies the collection, visualization, and investigation of detailed compute performance metrics, errors, and logs. You can more easily isolate and correlate performance problems to optimize your Lambda environments.


### AWS App Runner:
> [Reference] [https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/app-runner-from-code-to-scalable-secure-web-apps/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+AmazonWebServicesBlog+%28Amazon+Web+Services+Blog%29]
* AWS App Runner makes it easier for you to deploy web apps and APIs to the cloud, regardless of the language they are written in, even for teams that lack prior experience deploying and managing containers or infrastructure. The service has AWS operational and security best practices built-it and automatically scale up or down at a moment’s notice, with no cold starts to worry about.


